Refer to `dotnet build` instead of `fsc.exc` (#29637)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/compiler-options.md

---
# Compiler options

> This topic describes compiler command-line options for the F# compiler. The command `dotnet build` invokes the F# compiler F# project files. F# project files are noted with the `.fsproj` extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article describes compiler command-line options for the F# compiler. The command `dotnet build` invokes the F# compiler on F# project files. F# project files are noted with the `.fsproj` extension.
```
